Pay attention to your identity
He's my man now
It's not your turn to be sarcastic here
Tan Miaoying, I see how long you can be arrogant
Later, the Xiao family will completely take the fake project.
Don't regret it.
Wang Daoyi, continue to be arrogant
I'll make you regret it later
Why dare to be so arrogant
Isn't it because the Tang family is stronger than the Lin family?
In case of project
You're giving hundreds of billions to your neighbors.
I see what other capital you have to be arrogant
Master, what you said is true
In that case
Our neighbor can thrive again, haha.
It was hot early on
I like it very much
The lesson I taught you last time
You have a good memory
Keep your eyes peeled.
This is the Global Business Summit.
Do you dare to do it here?
So what if I do?
I'm going to kill you right here.
What can you do?
Yue Longyuan, you come in here by relying on the Tang family
Still looking for trouble here
You hurt my Lin family earlier
Now you want to harm the Tang family again
I will make the Tang family a top wealthy family
Not you.
You chose so many things.